I don’t need nobody
No secrets between us, in the middle of the night
I don’t need nobody, yet I found myself putting on a brave face
(oh oh oh~)
Pray that my dog will never die, until the morning
I don’t want to end up crying from the memories
When I talk, she's smiling at nothing
A meaningless scene, getting tired of it too
mu-huh i love it mu-huh i like it
And I’m feeling down
The ending hurts
So many things, but empty inside
And im feeling down
Enough, more than enough — it has already found its way to me.
I received ten, yet couldn’t return even one
Steal away today, and remember it forever
Talk to me, I
I don’t need nobody
No secrets between us, in the middle of the night
I don’t need nobody, yet I found myself putting on a brave face
(oh oh oh~)
Pray that my dog will never die, until the morning
I don’t want to end up crying from the memories
I don't need nobody